Nomad Docs: Move load balancer content from tutorials to nomad docs (#1523)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v1.11.x/content/docs/networking/load-balancer/fabio.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Load balancing with Fabio
description: >-
  Create and deploy a load balancing Fabio job and use the native Consul

>   integration to load balance your application..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Create and deploy a load balancing Fabio job and use the native Consul
  integration to load balance your application.
```

default web page. If you visit Fabio's web interface by
going to any of the client nodes at port `9998`, you can observe that the
routing table is populated.

## Place Nomad client nodes behind a cloud provider load balancer

Your Nomad client nodes may change over time, so it is
important to provide your end users with a single endpoint to access your
services. You may do this by placing your Nomad client nodes behind a cloud
provider's load balancer, such as [AWS Elastic Load Balancing
(ELB)](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/), [Azure Load Balancer](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/load-balancer),
or [Google Cloud Load Balancing](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing).

The basic steps involve creating a load balancer, registering Nomad client nodes
behind the load balancer, creating listeners, and configuring health checks. For
this guide, be sure to create ingress routes for Fabio.

Once you are done configuring your cloud provider's load balancer, you should be
able to access the cloud load balancer DNS name at port 80 to observe the

> Apache home page and at port 9998 to access the Fabio web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure your cloud provider's load balancer, you should be
able to access the cloud load balancer DNS name:

- at port `80` to visit the Apache home page.
- at port `9998` to access the Fabio web UI.
```
It took me a couple of tries to parse that last sentence.
